On this episode
of "Mythbusters"...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
See anything?
Zombies, the undead...
...Roaming the earth
hunting for brains...
They found us again.
...Long thought of as fictional.
It's you and your damn cigars.
Well, it sure ain't your brains.
Well, they are fictional.
That doesn't mean
we can't test with them, though.
Welcome to the
"Mythbusters Zombie Special."
Say it with me,
"Brains!"
"Brains."
Brains.
There you go.
The day of the dead has dawned.
Ah!
Assembled for the apocalypse
And joined
by "The Walking Dead's"
Master of mayhem,
Michael Rooker...
I hate zombies.
...The team tackles
a trio of survival tall tales.
Rule number one --
ugh, aim for the head.
First, when faced
with the army of darkness,
Does the axe...
Actually outgun the gun?
Groovy.
Then,
how exactly does an undead horde
Heave down a door?
We're coming for you, old man.
And finally,
can walkers really outpace
The human race?
You do run faster
when zombies are chasing you.
Who are the Mythbusters?
Adam Savage...
70% chance of science.
...And Jamie Hyneman.
Are you done screwing around?
Between them, more than 30 years
of special-effects experience.
Together with Tory Belleci...
Let's chop this car up!
...Grant Imahara...
Something just touched me!
...And Kari Byron.
This should be fun.
They don't just tell the myths.
They put them to the test.
-- Captions by Vitac --
www.vitac.com
Captions paid for by
Discovery Communications
Stand by for some facts
with your fiction.
It's "Mythbusters"
versus zombies.
What's up first?
Well, let me ask you.
If you were surrounded
by a zombie horde
And you could choose
only one weapon,
What would you choose --
the gun or axe?
The gun.
Right.
Most people would,
but there's a myth
That the axe is in fact
the better tool.
Really?
Yeah. So what do you say?
You take the gun,
I take the axe.
Let's go find some zombies.
Zombies are fictional.
Right.
Let's go find 100 people
willing to dress as zombies.
Okay.
How hard could that be?
As it turns out,
not hard at all.
"Mythbusters" fans
love getting dressed up.
Now, how exactly
are Adam and Jamie
Going to test
the weapons' lethal efficiency
Without actually
hurting anybody?
As it's Jamie's weapon of choice
is a gun
And the only fictional way
to kill a fictional zombie
Is with a headshot...
...We're going to need
to shoot our zombie volunteers
In the face,
Which means we're going to
have to protect the faces
Of our zombie volunteers.
The answer
is plastic face protectors...
I think this is going to work.
...And paintball guns.
This is going to make my day.
Yep.
It's "shooting Adam in the face"
day.
Bull's-eye!
Jamie hit me
dead between the eyes
While I was wearing
my zombie mask,
And I didn't feel a thing,
Which is exactly what I want
our volunteers to be feeling.
So, now, the prototype works.
It's time to mass-manufacture
at least 100 of these.
All of this work
just so that Jamie Hyneman
Can shoot strangers in the face
for science!
Next, Adam turns
to the myth-preferred method
For wasting walkers.
Now, I'm quite sure
you all agree with me
That the weapon I've chosen
for killing zombies, the axe,
Is far superior to the gun.
But since zombies
don't actually exist
And I won't be able
to drive an actual axe
Through their
ever-loving undead skulls,
I'm going to have to come up
with a safe way
For killing our zombies.
Cue Adam's
clever cushioned cleaver.
It'll leave a safe,
green paint splatter
For every zombie brain
splattered.
Aw. This is awesome.
The paintball paint that I put
in the compartment last night
Has beautifully seeped
through the foam.
Let's see
what kind of mark it makes.
That is the mark
of one dead zombie,
Except
that they're already dead.
Let's just call them
inactive zombies.
Let's get to testing!
And so,
with weapons at the ready...
You'll like this place.
It's nice and creepy.
...The team assembles
at the perfect location
For a spot
of zombie annihilation.
For testing the most efficacious
method for dispatching a zombie,
A gun or an axe,
We've come to one of
our all-time favorite locations.
It's not only a big enough space
for us to really see
And understand what's going on,
it's suitably post-apocalyptic.
I feel like I'm being chased
by a crawling zombie.
Yeah!
Brains!
If I was hiding out
from zombies,
This is exactly the kind
of citadel I would seek out.
Zombies!
That's the arena.
Now, how will it be used?
The methodology here
is pretty straightforward.
I'll be standing in the middle
of a 30-foot-diameter circle
That is the human zone.
Whoa!
The zombies will be
dotted around the building
In their green zombie zone.
Now, when we give the signal,
They will start
their zombie shuffle
Towards the line of demarcation.
Come on!
Now, we can't engage them until
they reach that orange line,
But once they do...
they're all ours.
I don't expect to make it
through all 100 zombies.
The question is
how far will I get.
Brains.
And the rules
will be the same for me,
Except I'm going to be
packing a gun.
Bang.
Brains!
That's the rules
and regulations,
But how about the test subjects?
Now, let's be honest --
zombies are fictional,
Which means every way of dealing
with them is also fictional.
As for how to dispatch them,
we thought we needed an expert,
So where better to go than
the one and only Michael Rooker,
A.K.A. Merle Dixon
from "The Walking Dead."
He is going to show Jamie some
of his preferred methodologies
For dispatching the undead.
Michael, any advice
on taking out zombies?
Well, I noticed you have
A couple of handy-dandy
weapons here.
Well, all we need now
is a zombie, I guess, huh?
Well, we got plenty of those.
Cue the undead man walking.
I see.
Well, thank you.
If they're approaching,
you just pop them in the knee.
Bang!
If they're still approaching...
Pop them in the other knee.
Bang!
Of course,
they are kind of hungry...
And they're a little --
okay.
Usually I grab them
and hold them down like that,
And I pop them in the head.
Bang!
Nice.
Phew! That's one down.
But to test which weapon
is the most efficient
To deal with zombies en masse,
we need a horde.
That is an awesome view.
And for experimental accuracy,
They need to know
exactly how to move.
Good morning, zombies.
Morning!
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Like zombies!
Good morning, zombies.
You might recognize
this gentleman to my right,
Michael Rooker
from "The Walking Dead."
Now, Michael is going to
give you guys a lesson
In the zombie shuffle.
Using all
his "Walking Dead" experience,
Michael coaches the volunteers
on zombie behavior --
An unintelligent,
slow shuffle towards food...
Much better.
...With a unique twist.
That's good.
Cut.
Okay. Very good.
You're scary.
And everybody, you got to
develop your own walk.
He's an individual zombie,
you're all individual zombies.
You're not
cookie-cutter zombies.
Develop your own deal.
With the demonstration complete,
school's out...
All right,
commence zombie shuffle now!
...And the terror begins.
That is positively terrifying.
Yeah!
I'm happy they're not trying
to eat me right now.
Me, too.
And with the horrifyingly
realistic horde assembled...
Listen to that sound.
...It's time to get
down to experimental business.
All right.
Zombies, are you ready?
Adam, are you ready?
I'm ready, sir!
All right.
Three, two, one.
Ah!
Gah! Dead!
Dead!
Dead! Dead!
Ah! I've been killed.
You're zombie meat, brother.
I don't think
I killed more than 20.
I'll count.
One, two, three, four, five...
11, 12, 13.
13. That's it?
That's not many.
Ah!
Even though I only killed 13
in that test,
I'm still feeling really good
about the axe
As the weapon of choice.
Dead! Dead!
I just feel that I can reload
Faster than Jamie
will be able to with a gun.
Ah! I've been killed.
Just to make sure that
that test was accurate,
I'm going to have the zombies
brought out again.
I'm going to try a second time
So we can average my results
across both tests.
All right.
Zombies attack
in three, two, one.
Will Adam be able to
use his knowledge from test one
To improve his zombie count?
He's a blur of action,
Holding off his creeping,
moaning and shuffling attackers
As long as he can.
But, as before,
by sheer weight of numbers,
The encroaching
slow-motion zombie tsunami
Overwhelms
our axe-wielding hero.
I think I got further this time.
I think I killed more.
He did, but just barely.
I got 15.
I got 15, as well.
15 it is.
Which is an average kill count
of 14
And good, consistent data.
But will it outgun the gun?
Up next is the Hyneman.
I just want to get warmed up.
And he means business --
Zombie-killing business.
Groovy.
Coming up on "Mythbusters,"
We see if you can outrun
a horde of zombies.
Up next, can the walking dead,
really catch the running living?
In every zombie movie,
there is that scene
Where the horde
descends on somebody
And just tears them to shreds.
And that is the myth
that we are going to be testing.
Can you escape
the zombie horde?
Okay, this is one thing
that I've always wondered about
Because traditionally,
Don't they just shuffle
at like two miles an hour?
And it feels like
you can just outrun them.
Well, yeah, sure.
Maybe you could outrun one
or two no problem,
But what zombie apocalypse
only has a couple zombies?
Okay, I see what you're saying.
It's a numbers game,
and that's what we're testing.
Exactly.
This is going to be
the best myth ever.
The zombie horde
has their undead eyes
On the living prize.
But, despite shuffling at the
speed at a decomposing corpse,
The result
is somehow inevitable.
The unarmed, fleet-footed humans
always get caught,
And it's a brain buffet.
How do you guys
want to test this myth?
All right, well,
let's set up an area,
Say, the size
of a football field,
And then get a zombie horde.
We'll see if we could
run through it and escape them.
All right, well,
that means we need some zombies,
And we need to figure out
how they're supposed to behave.
Well, I know the perfect person
who's an expert on zombies.
He could tell us
what they can and can't do,
And he'll help us set up
the parameters for our myth.
Sounds good.
So, the team will
stage the apocalyptic olympics.
It's humans versus the horde
in a race for survival.
But, first up, Tory's meeting
one of his hollywood heroes,
Legend of the undead
Greg Nicotero.
In order for us to test
these zombie myths accurately,
We need
to get some more information.
So, we're here at KNB Studios,
a special-effects house.
They are responsible
for pretty much every zombie
You've ever seen
in any horror movie,
Not to mention the show
"Walking Dead."
So, we're going to go talk
to Greg Nicotero right now,
Who is pretty much
the king of zombies,
And get
a little bit more information.
We need some zombie data
to test our myth.
We just need to know
a little bit more about zombies
And what they can and can't do.
We used the scene
in "Night of Living Dead"
In the cemetery as our sort of
holy grail for zombie movement.
They're not very quick.
They're attracted to sound.
I think sometimes they're
attracted to light or dark.
I don't think
they're very smart.
Generally speaking,
you just got to make sure
That you don't get overrun
by too many of them.
So, armed with the experimental
Rules of engagement...
All right, zombie apocalypse.
We're almost there.
...The team assembles
at apocalypse ground zero.
Need my zombie-killing hat.
We are here
at the Alameda runway
To test the myth that
you can't outrun a zombie horde.
Now, the way
we're going to test this
Is we're going to create
a part of a city
That has been overrun
by the zombie apocalypse.
Now all we need
is a zombie horde.
So we have 150 volunteers
for our zombie horde.
Oh, my God!
Here comes the horde.
Now, for us,
that is the perfect number
Because in our designated area,
all of those volunteers
Represent a population density
of Manhattan.
That's 90,000 people
per square mile.
We're going to
scatter them around the field
And try and run
from one end to the other.
We'll be wearing
these mini brains on our backs.
If they manage
to grab one of these,
That means that
we haven't escaped the horde.
It means that we've been eaten.
So, now, it's time
to bring on the zombies.
This is freaking me out.
I don't like this at all.
Wow.
This is terrifying.
Well, they asked
for a zombie horde.
Now, some ground rules.
Welcome, zombie horde!
Rule number one -- zombies
can only move at a slow shuffle.
Rule number two --
your brains are infected,
So you have
no rational thought.
Rule number three --
this is your target.
Brains!
Let the brains begin!
With a code of conduct
Established
for consistent data...
I don't want
to do this anymore.
...The animated deceased
Disperse randomly
over the experimental space...
...A field of play
100 yards long
And 55 yards wide
that our humans have to cross
While keeping
their brains intact.
And first up to race
for the human race is Kari.
I have to say,
I'm kind of nervous.
First of all,
that girl right there
Looks like
she's actually going to eat me.
I don't know
if I'm going to make it through.
It looked a lot easier
before the zombies showed up.
All right. Let's go.
So with Grant and Tory observing
From a safe, overhead distance,
let the games begin.
There she goes.
At the heart of
this brain game are the numbers.
It's one human
versus a zombie horde of 150.
Ah!
Oh, my God.
That is terrifying.
And Kari is dodging
and weaving at 10 miles an hour,
While the walkers
can only chase at two.
She's looking good.
She's going to make it.
Ah!
No way.
Yeah, she's going to make it.
Come on. Come on.
Oh!
And those numbers...
Yeah!
She made it!
...Add up to Kari's survival.
Yeah!
You do run faster
when zombies are chasing you.
Ah!
Kari survived
the zombie horde no problem.
But, you know what,
the next thing we're going to do
Is increase
the population density by 50%.
And this time, it's Tory's turn.
So the field of play
is reduced in size...
All right.
25 yards in.
...Meaning
the zombie density is increased
To 135,000 people
per square mile,
Matching parts of the massive
Indian megacity Mumbai.
I hope you like Italian food!
Oh, boy.
The apocalypse has
reached epidemic proportions.
You guys ready?
Ready when you are.
Run, Tory, run!
Whoo!
Oh-ho.
Dodge.
Weave.
Good job!
The zombies
are clearly more densely packed.
But Tory,
reliving a twisted version
Of his high-school
football dreams,
Makes it to the end zone safely.
Oh, my God.
He made it!
Yes!
Do I have all my brains?
Yes.
So I made it through the zombie
horde with all my brains intact,
And it was insane!
The adrenaline was flowing.
The zombies
were trying to eat me,
But I made it through.
But now
we're going to do it again.
This time, we're going to
Increase the population density
even more.
This time,
Grant's going to go for it.
Yep.
The myth that you can't elude
a legion of living dead
Is looking deceased.
Ah! Quick!
But there's one more
host to offer the horde
And one variable
to adjust -- density.
So what we're going to
do next is increase that
To 180,000 people
per square mile,
Which is the most densely
populated area in the world.
And I'm up next.
Coming up next
on "Mythbusters"...
Help!
Hi, everybody.
This is Michael Rooker,
And welcome back to the
"Mythbusters Zombie Special."
I hate zombies.
Well,
he's come to the right place
Because Adam and Jamie
are testing the myth
That when it comes
to wasting walkers...
Dead! Dead!
...Axe trumps gun.
I have already confronted
a zombie horde with an axe,
And I was able to down 14
of their undead brethren
Before they got to my brains.
Now it's Jamie's turn
to do the same with a gun
And see if he can do any better.
Well, our zombies
are all properly protected.
You ready to shoot some
in the face?
Bring it on.
Okay.
Good luck.
I hope you get more than 14.
It's time to find out.
Jamie
and his single-action handgun
Versus a legion
of brain-eating zombies.
And...
The legion
of brain-eating zombies wins...
Help!
...Convincingly.
So, Hyneman score --
25 seconds...
Six zombies.
Not a very good score.
Mnh-mnh.
Sad.
That was really stunning
to watch.
I can tell you from experience,
It's creepy to be in there
While everyone
is shambling towards you,
And he's doing this kind of
looking back and forth.
It's real tension.
And then all of a sudden,
like four seconds later,
The entire circle
is full of zombies
And the Hyneman went down.
Now, he's going to go
for a second run,
And he's going to be a little
more prepared for this one.
I can't wait
to see what he comes up with.
What he comes up with
are more guns,
More ammo, and more style.
This time, I'm loaded for bear.
I've got two on the legs,
two on the waist,
Two on the shoulders,
one in the hand.
I've got 2 bullets for every one
of these 100 zombies.
I'm ready as I'll ever be.
Guns versus zombie.
Three, two, one.
This time, Jamie has
a pump-action paintball rifle
That he can reload much faster.
And he starts well,
Working his way
through the walkers
Much more efficiently
than his first test.
Six. Seven. Eight.
But it's still
not nearly quick enough.
I was trying to build
a wall of zombies around me
So that I could keep these guys
away from me,
But I tripped on one
And then
I'm into the soup again.
And I still only got --
what is this, eight?
Yeah, eight.
That's how many shots
I can get off
Before they're on me.
Well, that's a result!
And the result
couldn't be clearer.
Compared to a mobile,
axe-wielding Adam,
It takes Jamie too long
to reload, steady, take aim,
And take out the walkers.
The numbers don't lie.
So, what do you think?
What's the final tally?
Well, my average
was just over seven kills.
Mine was 14 kills.
Double.
Axe wins.
At least with single-action
or pump shotgun.
Sure.
Well, that settles it.
Yeah.
Axe wins.
Bladed weapons rule.
And with the axe confirmed
As the apocalyptic weapon
of choice...
This is their reward
for the hard work.
Zombies!
Brains!
...It's chow time.
Filmic folklore suggests
That despite an average speed
of just two miles an hour,
The zombie horde
always gets its prey.
But with Kari and Tory
already successful
In evading the zombie shuffle,
It's Grant's turn to try
and keep his brains intact.
They look hungry.
He's facing
the highest population density
On the planet, an incredible
180,000 people per square mile.
It's the worst-case
urban-apocalypse scenario
And the last chance
for the myth.
But he just can't
make it through.
Ah! No! Ah!
One mistake
and he's down and swarmed.
There's too many!
So Kari succeeded
in outrunning a horde
That was the population density
of Manhattan.
Tory succeeded at a slightly
higher population density
Of 135,000 people
per square mile.
Unfortunately,
when we got that density up
To 180,000 people
per square mile,
That's where it all fell apart,
And I could not
escape the horde.
When the horde
Is in a tightly packed
urban environment,
It doesn't matter
that they're slow.
So with the myth
back in the balance, what next?
We're going to try
to come up with other tactics
To try to trick the zombie horde
and see if we can escape.
So day two of the dead dawns,
And the team
once again rendezvous
In an attempt
to outrun the apocalypse.
And this time,
they're each packing a plan.
After all, when the end is nigh,
A good survival strategy
is essential.
All right, Kari.
What's your technique,
duct tape?
How's that going to save you
from a zombie horde?
I was thinking maybe
like a limp or something.
Oh, that's good.
But then I thought that
this would be so much better.
What the...?
Wait, what is this technique?
No!
Hey, zombies!
Zombie food!
No! No!
It's a classic bait and switch,
The type of tactic
Merle might deploy.
With the horde distracted
by a free meal on wheels...
Kari, you son of a...!
...Kari makes a run for it
And makes it to the end zone
and freedom.
Ah!
I live!
Her cynical use
of collateral damage...
Thanks a lot, Kari.
Way to throw me under the bus.
...Means she bought
herself enough time
To avoid being lobotomized.
Zombie apocalypse, the rules
of friendship do not apply.
Yep.
If you have an enemy
or coworker to sacrifice,
Escaping the horde
may be possible.
Coming up on "Mythbusters,"
Can anything
stop a zombie horde?
Remember, kids,
don't try anything
You're about to see at home.
That's right.
We're experts.
And why are we experts?
Brains!
That's right.
Up next, it's
the might of the living dead.
What's up next?
Zombie teamwork.
Zombies don't do teamwork.
They're dead stupid.
Right.
Zombies don't talk to each other
to do teamwork.
But they do all have
a common instinct,
And that means
they often work together.
You see it in zombie movies
all the time.
Our heroes are barricaded
behind some kind of big door,
And the zombies know that there
are brains behind that door.
And they all gather up.
And they're pushing at the door,
and they're pushing at the door.
And eventually, through the
force of all of their bodies,
They break the door down.
So, what you're saying
is sort of like
Many dead hands
make for light work.
Many undead hands
make for light work,
And I think
we should test that.
Sure.
It's a classic
living-dead cliché.
Dinner's on the far side
of a door,
A barrier hastily barred
by the desperate living,
And yet
the uncoordinated efforts
Of a zombie horde
somehow combine
To successfully
bust down the door.
Question is
does a mob really rule,
Or is this
physical-force fiction?
To find out, Adam and Jamie head
for a suitably remote location
To test humanity's last stand
Against
the approaching apocalypse.
Look at that.
The barn I'm standing
in front of is 153 years old.
That's right.
It was built
when Jamie was but a wee lad,
And this door
is the line of engagement
Between us and the zombies.
It's where we will have
our last stand.
There we go.
Perfect.
Now, we don't want to hurt any
part of this beautiful artifact,
So we're not actually going to
use their door,
And we're not even going to use
their barn.
We're gonna build a steel frame
within this doorframe
That we will attach our doors to
for proper zombie testing.
Stylish doors.
They look great.
Bring out your dead!
Speaking of dead,
Adam will be joining team Zed,
But he doesn't want
to actually die.
So in an experiment designed
to test the forces of a crowd
Crushing up
against a securely bolted door,
Serious safety measures
are required.
If you take 100 people
And have them pushing
against an immovable object,
And if each one of them
is able to exert something like
50 pounds of push,
That totals
about 5,000 pounds of pressure.
So with that in mind, we've come
up with this as a solution.
Belly bump.
These are polyethylene
corrugated sewer pipes.
Now, you may recall seeing them
first on "Mythbusters"
In "Raccoon Rocket," where
we used them as cannon barrels.
Oh, my God!
They're light
and they're super strong,
And they should do the trick.
Meanwhile,
Adam's been bitten and turned.
Or he's had
an extreme undead makeover.
Joining Jamie
for the "Z"-day door duel...
I hate zombies.
...Is Michael Rooker...
Come on!
You want some of this?
Come and get it!
...Who seems to have reverted
To his "Walking Dead" character,
Merle Dixon.
Come on!
This is it.
Will the individuals' random
50-pound push force
Somehow combine at
a coordinated point of pressure?
And will that be enough to
break the barn door cross brace?
Maybe we better back up
a little bit.
I think that's a good idea.
Oh-ho!
This is not good!
What do we do now, Jamie?
I never even slowed down.
You're going to need
a stronger door.
Is everybody okay?
Told you I hated zombies.
Went right through that door,
no effort at all.
Being on the zombie side of the
equation for this experiment,
Fantastic because I'm choosing
a side in this battle,
But it's not with the living.
I reached that door with
my zombie brethren behind me,
And I don't think
I actually even broke stride.
I touched the door,
zombies touched me,
And "whoomp," we were through,
and we were headed for Jamie.
That was stunning.
Can't wait to see
what a stronger door gives us
In terms of a challenge.
With a mixed body bag
of results...
...The myth that outrunning
Rather than outgunning
a zombie horde is up for grabs.
Zombie food!
Kari managed to distract with
a decoy, but up next is Grant.
And as you might expect,
he came prepared.
Are you going to be inside this?
No.
My double will.
As far as he's concerned,
When it comes
to evading the apocalypse,
Robots are the answer.
So this is
my zombie-distraction technique.
Now, yes,
it's going to employ distraction
Just like the others,
but it's a little bit different.
This is a robot
that has light and sound.
And it's going to have
a mannequin that looks like me.
So, Grant has
a very complex strategy here.
When I'm ready to deploy,
I'll turn on the lights,
Turn on the sound.
It's going to scream
just like me.
It's going to look just like me.
And it's going to draw
all the zombies over there,
And I'll run the other way.
Hello, zombies!
Here I am.
Come and get me!
My brain
is juicy and delicious.
And Grant plays it perfectly,
Waiting until all the zombies
within hearing distance
Are sucked in...
And delicious.
Come and get me.
...So that when he finally
makes a run for it,
He has a clear path to freedom.
Yeah! I made it!
Whoo! Ah!
The first day,
Grant didn't quite make it,
So he had more motivation
than any of us
To make this distraction work.
And it worked really,
really well.
My brain
is juicy and delicious.
Come and get me.
He did it Grant style.
He pulled out a robot with
lights and noise and yelling.
All of the zombies
horded in on it,
And Grant could sneak around
the side and get to freedom.
Yeah!
I made it!
So it's Tory's turn.
And back
when he visited Greg Nicotero,
He had a zombie
makeover master class...
It looks like you're done.
...That gave him the idea
For his deceitful
distraction technique.
Let's see
if I can blend in with them.
Yep.
Tory is attempting
to hide in plain sight.
Before the zombies dispersed,
he hid in one of the car wrecks.
Now he has to get back
to the start line
Before completing
his lap of the field.
Will the volunteers recognize
the human dressed as a zombie?
Will his bloody, decomposing
disguise stand up to scrutiny?
Tory's made it
all the way here.
What?
He's made it all the way here,
and is --
Where?
He's heading back.
But halfway
to the finish line...
...He's discovered.
Whoa!
Oh! No!
I'm dead!
Back!
Back, zombies!
Fire!
Back!
Oh, my God.
Oh!
Well, it kind of worked
at first.
I mean, I was able
to sneak through the horde,
But then at one point,
a zombie recognized me,
And then it was all over.
They were all on to me.
But it doesn't matter
because as long as one of us
Made it through
in one experiment,
That means it works
and it's it busted.
That's right.
Distraction is a technique
That allows you
to escape the horde.
This myth is busted.
Totally busted.
Busted,
and you could say the team
Is, uh, thriller-ed
with the result.
When I first heard that we
were going to test zombie myths,
I had two reactions.
One was, "Oh, my God.
This is the best day ever."
But then, my next reaction was,
"How are we going to
test this scientifically?"
But we actually came away
with some results.
Now, it was difficult,
And the more condensed they got,
the harder it became
Until it was impossible.
However, Grant did figure out
a way to distract the horde
In order to escape,
so it's busted.
This is the most fun I've had
in so long.
What is a zombie?
A zombie is a mindless,
reanimated corpse
With the hunger for human flesh.
How to kill a zombie --
You cannot kill a zombie,
for they are already dead.
But you can stop them
by destroying the brain.
One misconception about zombies
is that they only eat brains,
But zombies have an appetite
for all human flesh.
How to be infected
by a zombie --
The most common way of infection
is through a bite from a zombie.
If you do encounter a zombie,
Run away and contact your
local authorities immediately.
Is it true
that a mass of zombies
Can combine their push pressure
into a door-busting force?
Jamie, Merle...
Come on!
You want some of this?
...And Savage head of the undead
Adam...
...Are attempting
to find out.
So far, unlike the door...
Oh-ho!
...This movie myth
is bearing up.
Jamie, go now!
But our human survivors aren't
going down without a fight.
Suppose their hideout
wasn't such a rickety old barn.
So, Jamie, what do you think
about this new door?
Well, it's a lot tougher
than the last one.
This is a proper gate.
It's got carriage bolts
at the corners
Of all
the main structural members.
Something is going to
have to snap for them
To make it through that.
Okay, Adam.
Huh, what a sight.
Halt.
We're coming for you, old man.
Here we go!
Three, two, one.
Push!
Yep.
The new and improved door
isn't nearly strong enough.
Halt!
Zombies, we made it!
Whoo!
Not quite
because Jamie has something
Up his sleeve that's
make-or-break for this myth,
Literally.
So here's the scenario.
You've got 100 hungry zombies
after you.
You've got a barn to hide in,
and we've already shown that
That many zombies can exert
an enormous amount of pressure
On something they push against.
So what are you going to do?
What they do in the movies
Is they grab every spare piece
of lumber they can find
And they nail it
all over the doors and windows.
I don't trust those hinges.
That's what I'm going to do.
We've already built
a sturdy gate,
But it's not
quite sturdy enough.
So I'm just going to
nail the crap out of it,
And we'll see whether
I can't hold them off that way.
Let them sink their teeth
into that.
This is the part of the episode
where things get exciting.
Are you ready?
Do your worst.
I'm coming back with friends.
We did some door reinforcement,
and now as to whether or not
We will be able
to make it through this door
With our collective amount
of force, I have no idea.
I'm actually really curious
About how good
Jamie's reinforcements are
And how much power
we can bring to bear.
This is awesome.
Halt!
Ready?
On the count of three.
One, two, three!
Ugh! Hold!
I heard some cracking. Hold on.
We're going to try that
one more time.
The same thing again.
One, two, three!
Ugh!
Oh, oh.
Hold!
One more time.
I think
we'll go through this door.
You are meat, Hyneman.
Hold on.
Three, two, one. Go!
One, go!
Oh!
It's repelled us.
And that's bad news
for the myth.
Unlike the movies, despite all
the creaking and cracking,
Jamie's barn-door defenses
are holding.
We're coming for you, old man.
But if there's one thing zombies
have got, it's persistence.
There's brains in there!
Three! Two! One!
Go!
Huff and puff they might...
Yes!
Yes! Push!
...But the door remains tight.
And Jamie
does his victory dance.
Never going to happen.
Zombies give up, Jamie.
We give up.
Zombies, let's go home!
The zombies give up.
Jamie's defenses held up,
And our victor lives to fight
the living dead another day.
The door was actually
really frightening me.
It was bowing quite severely,
and we had screws pop out.
The hinges themselves
are starting to curl
And come inward.
Three! Two! One! Go!
But despite being compromised,
It was never breached.
I have to tell you,
having been right there
At the center of all the action,
there was a couple of times
I thought
it was going to give way.
But there was
enough pieces of wood
That even with the cracking
and the splitting
And the bending
and the unrolling,
I could still tell
that we could have batted
On that all day long.
We weren't going to
make it through.
So where do we stand
On the collective power
of zombies?
Well, it does add up
if you have enough of them,
But it's not limitless.
No, it's not.
Yep.
And with the myth
that zombie-power can always pop
Your hastily reinforced portal
well and truly busted,
The day of the dead is done.
Do you know
what I'm really glad about?
What's that?
That zombies don't exist.
What do you mean?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org